.TH CLAUDE-WIKI 1 "2026-06-21" "claude-wiki 0.13.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
claude-wiki \- installable hooks and CLI for a personal knowledge base
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B claude-wiki
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
.I COMMAND
.RI [ ARGS ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B claude-wiki
captures Claude Code conversation context through hooks, then compiles daily
logs into a wiki of atomic articles stored in a knowledge base. It provides
commands to initialise repositories, compile logs, query the knowledge base,
lint articles, list tags, and manage the global registry.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h , " \-\-help"
Show the help message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-v , " \-\-version"
Show the version and exit.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B init
Initialise a knowledge base for the current repo. Options:
\fB\-\-path PATH\fP, \fB\-\-force\fP, \fB\-\-global\fP, \fB\-\-no-hooks\fP,
\fB\-\-kb-dir KB_DIR\fP, \fB\-\-daily-dir DAILY_DIR\fP.
.TP
.B migrate
Check and migrate data when configured paths change. Options:
\fB\-\-path PATH\fP, \fB\-\-dry-run\fP, \fB\-\-kb-dir KB_DIR\fP,
\fB\-\-daily-dir DAILY_DIR\fP, \fB\-\-reports-dir REPORTS_DIR\fP.
.TP
.B compile
Compile daily logs into the knowledge base. Options:
\fB\-\-all\fP, \fB\-\-file FILE\fP, \fB\-\-dry-run\fP,
\fB\-\-continue-on-error\fP, \fB\-\-max-logs MAX_LOGS\fP (alias \fB\-\-limit\fP),
\fB\-\-path PATH\fP.
.TP
.B query
Ask a question and answer it from the knowledge base. Options:
\fB\-\-file-back\fP, \fB\-\-path PATH\fP, \fB\-\-json\fP,
\fB\-\-category {concepts,connections,qa}\fP, \fB\-\-tag TAG\fP,
\fB\-\-since SINCE\fP, \fB\-\-max-chars MAX_CHARS\fP.
.TP
.B lint
Run health checks on the knowledge base. Options:
\fB\-\-structural-only\fP, \fB\-\-fail-on-warning\fP, \fB\-\-path PATH\fP,
\fB\-\-json\fP, \fB\-\-threshold THRESHOLD\fP, \fB\-\-fix\fP,
\fB\-\-dry-run\fP.
.TP
.B register
Register an existing .claude-wiki.lock with the global index. Options:
\fB\-\-path PATH\fP.
.TP
.B registry
Manage the global knowledge-base registry. Subcommands: list, show, remove, clean.
.TP
.B rename-catalog
Rename index.md to the repo-named catalog and rewrite wikilinks. Options:
\fB\-\-dry-run\fP, \fB\-\-path PATH\fP.
.TP
.B status
Diagnose repository health. Options: \fB\-\-path PATH\fP, \fB\-\-json\fP.
.TP
.B graph
Report the knowledge base link topology (orphans, hubs, components).
Options: \fB\-\-path PATH\fP, \fB\-\-json\fP, \fB\-\-top N\fP.
.TP
.B tags
List tags indexed from the knowledge base. Options:
\fB\-\-path PATH\fP, \fB\-\-json\fP.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B CLAUDE_WIKI_PROJECT_DIR
Override the project directory used for path resolution.
.TP
.B CLAUDE_WIKI_DAILY_DIR
Override the daily log directory.
.TP
.B CLAUDE_WIKI_STATE_DIR
Override the machine-state directory.
.TP
.B CLAUDE_WIKI_CACHE_DIR
Override the cache directory.
.TP
.B CLAUDE_WIKI_DEBUG
When set, enable DEBUG-level logging output.
.SH FILES
.TP
.IR .claude-wiki.lock
Per-repo configuration marker and machine-managed config.
.TP
.IR .claude/settings.local.json
Repo-local Claude Code hook settings.
.TP
.IR ~/.claude/settings.json
Global Claude Code hook settings.
.TP
.IR .claude/knowledge/
Project-mode knowledge base.
.TP
.IR ~/.local/share/claude-wiki-vault/
User-mode knowledge base vault.
.TP
.IR ~/.local/state/claude-wiki/
Machine state such as compilation hashes and build logs.
.SH SEE ALSO
Project homepage: https://github.com/mrrobot0985/claude-wiki
